content/carousel/carousel.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-02-27T23:34:21+01:00"
draft = false
title = "Features"
weight = 5
icon = "pacman"

[[carousel]]
  title = "All major modes"
  description = "winmor, ardop, ax25 and telnet."

[[carousel]]
  title = "ARDOP"
  description = "Pat has built in support for Winmor's succeessor."

[[carousel]]
  title = "AX.25"
  description = "Use an AX.25 TNC or the Linux kernel's implementation with a KISS TNC."

[[carousel]]
  title = "WINMOR"
  description = "The WINMOR TNC is supported. Winmor runs great on Wine."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Concurrency"
  description = "Listen for incoming P2P connections on multiple modes concurrently."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Seemless P2P mode"
  description = "No more switching between CMS and P2P sessions."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Hamlib"
  description = "Rig control for 200+ rigs is supported through hamlib's rigctld or direct serial/usb."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Position reports"
  description = "Post position reports with GPSd, browser location (HTML5) or manual entry."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Cron-like scheduling"
  description = "Set up a timetable for automatic QSY when listening for p2p connections."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Syncable mailbox folders"
  description = "Use a filesync tool (e.g. syncthing) to share your mailbox across devices."

+++

Commit message:

Add PACTOR to list of supported modes
Ref #1

content/carousel/carousel.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-02-27T23:34:21+01:00"
draft = false
title = "Features"
weight = 5
icon = "pacman"

[[carousel]]
  title = "All major modes"
  description = "winmor, ardop, pactor, ax25 and telnet."

[[carousel]]
  title = "ARDOP"
  description = "Pat has built in support for Winmor's succeessor."

[[carousel]]
  title = "AX.25"
  description = "Use an AX.25 TNC or the Linux kernel's implementation with a KISS TNC."

[[carousel]]
  title = "WINMOR"
  description = "The WINMOR TNC is supported. Winmor runs great on Wine."

[[carousel]]
  title = "PACTOR"
  description = "PACTOR modems (PTC-II and -III) can be used with Pat."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Concurrency"
  description = "Listen for incoming P2P connections on multiple modes concurrently."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Seemless P2P mode"
  description = "No more switching between CMS and P2P sessions."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Hamlib"
  description = "Rig control for 200+ rigs is supported through hamlib's rigctld or direct serial/usb."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Position reports"
  description = "Post position reports with GPSd, browser location (HTML5) or manual entry."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Cron-like scheduling"
  description = "Set up a timetable for automatic QSY when listening for p2p connections."

[[carousel]]
  title = "Syncable mailbox folders"
  description = "Use a filesync tool (e.g. syncthing) to share your mailbox across devices."

+++
